This week I set myself the goal of writing out a script to reduce and extract the spectra that I obtained from the IGRINS library. With this I also set the goal of estimating the metallicity from this spectra. I started off trying to work with the fits files on my own for the reduced data just plotting it and seeing how it looked. I wrote a little script that plotted individual echelle orders and then a script to estimate the equivalent width of a specified line. This worked for what it was, but I was not entirely convinced with the results. I found a empirical relation for Na and Ca lines for M dwarfs that I used to make a rough estimate on the metallicity. The closest I could get to anywhere near my metallicity estimate was .0601 which is significantly off from the accepted .027. I then switched to a package called muler which is designed specifically to read and extract IGRINS spectral data it also has a measure equivalent widths function. This worked well for extracting and plotting the data, but the equivalent width function had some problems. Primarily that it changed units without even converting so outputs were labeled angstroms but were actually supposed to be in microns. I measured the EW of the Na and Ca lines and I got EW of -.17 and -.203 microns. I put this into my empirical relation for metallicity from spectra and I got values that were both negative and over 1 so that is completely off. I examined the function and the plots for a while and played around with it to try and see what was up, but I could not figure it out. I decided that at this point it would not be beneficial to continue trying to estimate a metallicity from spectra. I instead think I will shift my focus in these last few weeks solely on my photometric estimate and then comparing that to the already known and calculated metallicity from spectra. I think this will allow for me to better use my time so that I can really try and nail the more important part which is the photometry estimate. 
