The main goal of my project this semester has changed quite a bit from my proposal. I proposed that I would estimate a metallicity of both the M dwarf and the secondary companion of TIC 676 as well as make an estimate through high resolution spectroscopy. With the overall goal in mind to determine if the two objects formed together or were captured. That goal has changed significantly I ran into a problem with our images only being in one band which threw off my plans and made it much less feasible to do how much I set out for. I also ran into a problem with spectroscopy where I was having a hard time getting good EW and I couldn't get a good metallicity estimate from that at all. So my goal for the end of the semester has shifted solely to using our Perkins photometry to estimate a metallicity. I will compare this result to a estimate that was made from high resolution spectra to determine if the models and calculations that I followed were viable. The data that I used was all of our Perkins data on TIC 676 in the I band. I used my data reduction pipeline to bias subtract and flat field and align our images so that I could do photometry on them. I then took the M dwarf and the secondary which has a known magnitude and I extracted the photometry for both of the objects. Since our data was set up for differential photometry I have to take a star in our frame and treat it as a "standard star" I take the photometry of each the median value of all of the data points for each target and then I calculate delta mags for my target. I add this delta mag to the known magnitude for the secondary and that is the observed magnitude of my target. I then use the known distance to the object to calculate absolute magnitudes for my metallicity relation. I still have to add specific parts to this workflow but that is the general steps for my photometry. I plan on adding dust extinction into my calculations as well as implementing a paper that shows how to convert I band magnitudes to V band magnitues using Gai data. Hopefully once I have that all sorted out I will have a metallicity estimate that is in the ballpark of the .027 from the paper I am referencing. Depening on my results I will conclude if my methods do or don't agree with results taken from literature. I will also add a little bit on how that plays into Josh's and Jackies presentations.
