This week I set myself a bunch of little small goals. I find for me that is how I best tackle big goals is to get the small stuff out of the way first because that is usually what I get tripped up on. My small goals that I set for myself was to first download all the spectroscopic data for my object from Vizier. My second goal was for me to read through the documentation of this program called starfish that is supposed to be a really easy method of estimating physical parameters from spectral data. I want to read through this documentation and begin writing out a script for estimating metallicities. I also need to read that paper danny sent me about converting magnitudes. During the week I worke on getting the spectral data this took me a little bit as I needed to do some digging through papers and spectral libraries like igrins to find the high resolution spectra BUT we found it. I took this data which was already pre-reduced and I plotted out some of the spectra just to see what we were working with. It also came with a pdf of all the spectra taken on the object which was very convenient. I will add that to this post. I then went and looked into starfish and immediately realized it was far to complicated for what I need to do. I just need a quick and dirty metallicity estimate for a comparison with my photometry. (obviously still accurate but I don't need it to be insanely complex). I found a package that works with igrins spectra and extracts it from fits files and plots and measures equivalent widths wich could be useful I tried it out but there seems to be some problems with the pipelines they are using and the data from igrins that I have and that is a can of worms I don't know if I am willing to open. Not big on adjsting other peoples code. So I wrote up a simple script to very loosely measure equivalent widths. with the equivalent widths I can plug in to a empirical relation with constants taken from a paper to make some very rough estimates on metallicity from spectra. This still needs some work and I am looking in to potentially finding a model to fit and going that route. 
