title: "First blog post"
date: 2025-03-11

This is my first blog post for my AST 341 project. My project goal is to constrain a metallicity and effective temperature for LP 261-75. I will be doing this two different ways. Firstly I will be using methods taken from (Hejazi et al.2022) and (Zhang et al.2025) to constrain a metallicity and effective temperature from photometry. The first paper uses a relation derived from taking a sample of low mass stars with physical parameters known from high resolution spectroscopy. They derive a relation between photometric parallax and metallicity and effective temperature. The second paper uses multiple large surveys of photometric data also paired with high resolution spectroscopy to fit a model for estimating physical parameters based off of intrinsic colors. Following both of these methods is very feasible. In the case of photometry I will produce an image similar to what we produced in lab 5 on differential photometry where I have the target star outlined where I am taking the flux from. I think that would be very useful in portraying what exactly I am doing with the photometry side. I will also seek to use results from both of the papers mentioned before and create plots of the color color vs metallicity plot and fit where LP 261-75 is on this diagram as a final touch to the photometry section. Once I have the metallicity estimate I can also make an estimate on the effective temperature using results from (-Valdivia et al.2019) as a cross reference. The second part of this project is using spectroscopy taken from (-Valdivia et al.2019) and the catalog they use to constrain a metallicity and effective temperature. This is far more straight forward than the photometric approach. This will require me to download the spectroscopic data for LP 261-75 and plot the spectra. I will examine the lined widths and absorption lines to determine the metallicity and effective temperature. I will make plots of both the spectra and the effective temperature as a function of metallicity for my object. Finally I will compare the two methods against eachother and against a control group which will be the better known results from (-Valdivia et al.2019) for the system. 
