I produced a couple deliverables this week. I ran into a lot of complications with my project over the break so I was a bit behind schedule in my progress on milestone 1. I realized entirely too late that we only imaged TIC 676 in the I band. So all my relations and equations that involved color index were completely useless unless I found data from an outside source for it. I decided to attempt to alter my relations to work for just one band. This method was kind of a stretch, but it allowed for me to work with my data and make a very rough estimate from them. I adapted the relation for Mk where [Fe/H] = c_0 + c_1(M_k) where M_k = a + bM_i. These coefficients are typically found by doing linear regression on giant sets of stars with known parameters. For time sake I have not done this part and have just adapted coeeficients from literature for now to get a rough estimate. To get this absolute magnitude in the I band for differential photometry I needed to do a bit of manipulation. I found a star in my field that has a known observed magnitude by identifying it in my image and taking photometry on the object and getting the flux I can take the flux of my target star and use -2.5log(flux_targ/flux_comp) to get a differential magnitude that I can add to the known magntude to get the observed magnitude of my target star. Nonetheless I needed to get at least something done so I took a small sample of my total data set around 20 images of TIC 676 and I ran differential photometry on them. From the photometry produced I took the index for my target star and comparison star and I took the median of that photometry to get the fluxes. I used the equation I stated above to get the differential magnitude and the apparent magnitude which ended up being around 18.8. I then used the known distance to the object from Gaia data to find the absolute magnitude for the object in the I band and plugged it in to the relation that I adapted. The metallicity that I estimated was around [Fe/H] = -.27. This is incredibly off not even close. I didn't account for extinction in this process and some of my methods are hand wavy. The process for this estimation is incredibly hard with just one band. Having this estimate is a step forward though I think I will take extra time after I do my spectroscopy to really iron out this process as much as I can to get a better estimate. I am going to use this metallicity once I have a value I am satisfied with to compare with spectral methods and known values so this is a very important part of my project.
