I started to look at my data pipeline today. I ran through some of our test data from Perkins. The way that we made our fits files at Perkins is slightly different from how my pipeline is setup to handle files. Mainly what I needed to change was whereever in my reduction steps my functions look for specific keyword arguments I had to change that to accomodate the Perkins fits files. After that I tested the pipeline and it worked until it needed to align and stack the images. At first the images where terribly stacked with artifacts from giant shifts in the final image. My first guess was that the box size that we were inputting was wrong because it is set for the size of the Smith camera. I changed the box size to be roughly the right size for the Perkins camera. This fixed the stacking artifacts, but the final image still was not alligned well at all. After examining the individual fits images and printing out some of the values the cross shifting function was producing I realized that there are parts of our Perkins images that are Nans so I need to update the shifting function to properly deal with Nans. I believe this will fix it as long as I can get the allignment to work I will be happy. My next steps that I plan on taking is to first fix the alignment and then get a final stack. Then I will use the functions we went over in lab and run differential photometry on TIC 676. I will also read up on how to get photometric parallaxes and download the pipeline used in one of the references I am using to get started on trying to get my estimates.
